fix: Scope drag and drop events to Excalidraw container to prevent overriding the host drag and drop events (#4445)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

  #### BREAKING CHANGE

  The `Appearance` type is now removed and renamed to `Theme` so `Theme` type needs to be used.
  
### Fixes

- Scope drag and drop events to Excalidraw container to prevent overriding host application drag and drop events.

### Build

- Remove `file-loader` so font assets are not duplicated by webpack and use webpack asset modules for font generation [#4380](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/4380)

- We're now compiling to `es2017` target. Notably, `async/await` is not compiled down to generators. [#4341](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/4341)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- We're now compiling to `es2017` target. Notably, `async/await` is not compiled down to generators. [#4341](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/4341)

> ### Fixes
> 
> - Scope drag and drop events to Excalidraw container to prevent overriding host application drag&drop events.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Fixes

- Scope drag and drop events to Excalidraw container to prevent overriding host application drag and drop events.

```

> - changed scope of DRAG_OVER and DROP event listners from `window` to `excalidrawContainerRef.current` to prevent Excalidraw overriding host application drag&drop events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scope drag and drop events to Excalidraw container to prevent overriding host application drag&drop events.
```
Also can you move `fixes` above `build` header ?
